[Glossary] Fixing the definition of Workload (#2012)
cntt-n/CNTT: doc/common/glossary.md

  - **Virtual Networking resource:** routes information among the network interfaces of a virtual compute resource and physical network interfaces, providing the necessary connectivity.

> - **Workload:** an application (for example **VA**, **VNF**, or **CNF**) that provides functions for the users. In the Cloud Infrastructure, these applications run on top of compute resources such as **VMs** or **Containers**. Most relevant workload categories in context of cloud infrastructure are:

Reviewer: VA has been deleted
```suggestion
- **Workload:** an application (for example **VNF**, or **CNF**) that performs certain task(s) for the users. In the Cloud Infrastructure, these applications run on top of compute resources such as **VMs** or **Containers**. Most relevant workload categories in context of the CNTT Cloud Infrastructure are:
```
